Flag for manual review design doc (#6138)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/engineering/manual-review-triggers.md

# Triggering a manual review

Each PR on `vets-website` will run through an automated process which looks for code additions/modifications
which could be considered bad for the platform.  If a potential issue is found, a bot will leave an
automated comment and request a review from the **frontend-review-group**.

## Triggers

Any of the following items if found in a PR diff will prompt a manual review

- A call to `Sentry`
- ESLint being disabled
- An icon being added with `<i ...`

### Sentry calls

We want to ensure that anything logged to Sentry will be useful (don't log an entire request response if all we care

> about is an error code) and will not contain PII.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We review logs to Sentry to ensure that any new logs will be useful and will not contain PII.

Examples:
- Don't log an entire request response if all that's important is an error code
- Don't log user-identifying information such as names, emails, or user IDs
```

### Disabling ESLint

We have various ESLint rules in place to help improve code quality.
There are situations where it makes sense to disable certain rules, but those will have 

> to be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling eslint rules will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
```

> ### Adding icons

Reviewer 2: This is cool

We use fontawesome as a dependency which encourages icons to be added with the `<i>` tag.
Sometimes an icon is used purely as decoration, but other times it is used to convey meaning to the user.

> We want to ensure that if an icon is being used semantically, those semantics are also conveyed to a screen reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Font Awesome as a dependency, which uses the `<i>` tag for adding icons. Sometimes an icon is used purely as decoration, but other times it is used to convey meaning to the user.

We review to ensure that whenever an icon is being used semantically, those semantics are also conveyed to a screen reader.
```

### Sentry calls

We review logs to Sentry to ensure that any new logs will be useful and will not contain PII.

Examples:
- Don't log an entire request response if all that's important is an error code
- Don't log user-identifying information such as names, emails, or user IDs

### Disabling ESLint

We have various ESLint rules in place to help improve code quality.

> Disabling eslint rules will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling ESLint rules will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
```
